Add phrase search (#1021)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/what_is_meilisearch/features.md

Placeholder search is not affected by MeiliSearch's [default ranking rules](/reference/features/settings.md#ranking-rules)—only custom rules added by a user. If no custom rules have been set, the results are displayed in the order of their internal database position.

> ## Phrase search

Author: @gmourier: I have preferred `phrase search` over `phrase query`, is that ok?

Reviewer: I have used both until then! I have no particular input, the two seem good to me! I will update the feature name on the public roadmap. Thanks!

> If you enclose search terms in double quotes (`"`), MeiliSearch will only return documents that contain all terms in the order they were given.

Author: MInor thing, but `freedom` here gives me marketing-speak vibes. What about `option` instead?

```suggestion
If you enclose search terms in double quotes (`"`), MeiliSearch will only return documents that contain those terms in the order they were given. This gives users the option to make more precise search queries.
```

> If you enclose search terms in double quotes (`"`), MeiliSearch will only return documents that  contain all terms in the order they were given.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you enclose search terms in double quotes (`"`), MeiliSearch will only return documents that contain all terms in the order they were given.
```
